Prep release (#5)
classmodel/class-web: README.md

# CLASS-web

> This is an implementation of CLASS that runs entirely in the browser.

Reviewer: Would be nice to spell out CLASS, so a random visitor can get quicker insight what this repo is about.

```suggestion
This is an implementation of  the **C**hemistry **L**and-surface **A**tmosphere **S**oil **S**lab (CLASS) model that runs entirely in the browser.
```

The CLASS web application is available at https://classmodel.github.io/class-web.

For more information on CLASS, see https://classmodel.github.io/.

## Developers

This repository is a so-called monorepo, where multiple packages and application
can easily be developed in tandem.

We used [TurboRepo](https://turbo.build/repo) for the initial setup, which uses
[pnpm workspaces](https://pnpm.io/workspaces) under the hood. As such, it is
possible to do advanced tricks with Turbo, such as "lint/test/build all
apps/packages at once with `turbo build`", and share tooling configurations
across packages/apps, but since this repo is small, we will not rely too much on
these features.

Currently the repo is home to the following:

- packages/
  - class: reimplementation of CLASS in typescript
  - config-eslint: shared configuration for eslint
  - config-typescript: shared configuration for typescript
- apps/
  - class-solid: web application with a graphical user interface for CLASS

## Local build

To run a local development version:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:classmodel/class-web.git

> cd class-web/apps/class-solid
> pnpm install
> pnpm run dev

Reviewer: Can be simplified to

```suggestion
cd class-web
pnpm install
pnpm dev
```

This also makes sure that if a package needs building, that that is done before the app is ready. Thanks to turborepo

```

## Tech stack

The CLASS package is written in typescript. It uses [zod](https://zod.dev/) for
the configuration and runtime validation. Zod can be converted to/from
[JSONSchema](https://json-schema.org/), which is ideal for sharing the
configuration between web-app, library code, and perhaps other implementations
of CLASS as well.

The web application is build with [solid.js](https://docs.solidjs.com/). Solid

> has a relatively simple model for building reactive web applications. With its

Reviewer: They call them selves a framework at https://docs.solidjs.com/

```suggestion
is a relatively simple framework for building reactive web applications. With its
```

We are already using model for class, let us not used it to describe a framework/library as well.
